NAME
     WordCount -- word, line, character, and byte count

SYNOPSIS

    If the built jar file is named wordcount.jar, then the command is:
    
     java -jar <wordcount>.jar [-clmw] [file ...]

DESCRIPTION
     The WordCount utility displays the number of lines, words, and bytes contained in each input
     file, or standard input (if no file is specified) to the standard output. A line is
     defined as a string of characters delimited by a <newline> character. Characters beyond
     the final <newline> character will not be included in the line count.

     A word is defined as a string of characters delimited by white space characters. White
     space characters are the set of characters for which the Java isWhitespace() method returns true.
     If more than one input file is specified, a line of cumulative counts for all the files
     is displayed on a separate line after the output for the last file.

     The following options are available:

     -c      The number of bytes in each input file is written to the standard output. This
             will cancel out any prior usage of the -m option.

     -l      The number of lines in each input file is written to the standard output.

     -m      The number of characters in each input file is written to the standard output.
             This will cancel out any prior usage of the -c option.

     -w      The number of words in each input file is written to the standard output.
     
          
     If no options are specified, WordCount displays the line, word, and byte counts,
     which is equivalent to specifying the -c, -l and -w options together.

     When an option is specified, WordCount only reports the information requested by that option.
     The order of output always takes the form of line, word, byte, and file name.
     The default action is equivalent to specifying the -c, -l and -w options.

     If no files are specified, the standard input is used and no file name is displayed.

EXIT STATUS
     The WordCount utility exits 0 on success, and < 0 if an error occurs.

